[docs] Enable one vuln report rs per deployment (#46)
giantswarm/starboard-exporter: README.md

helm repo update
helm upgrade -i starboard-exporter --namespace <starboard namespace> giantswarm/starboard-exporter
```

## One vulnerabilityreport per deployment

> By default starboard generates a vulnerabilityreport per replicaset in a deployment.
> This can cause confusion, especially if you fix a CVE in your latest deployment but the number of CVE:s per deployment stay the same in your metrics.
> 
> In starboard v0.14.0 environment variable OPERATOR_VULNERABILITY_SCANNER_SCAN_ONLY_CURRENT_REVISIONS was introduced.
> Enabling this feature will only generate a vulnerabilityreport from the latest replicaset in a deployment.
> 
> For more information on how to configure starboard look at the [docs](https://github.com/aquasecurity/starboard/blob/main/docs/operator/configuration.md).

Reviewer: A few touch ups but otherwise LGTM. Can you also move this section up to line 55 (in the cardinality section)? I don't think it needs a separate heading, we can mention it alongside the other "lot of metrics" concerns.

```suggestion
By default, Starboard generates a `VulnerabilityReport` per ReplicaSet in a Deployment.
This can cause confusion because vulnerabilities are still reported for Pods which no longer exist, i.e. you fix a CVE in your latest Deployment but the number of CVEs per Deployment stays the same in your metrics.

As of Starboard v0.14.0, the environment variable `OPERATOR_VULNERABILITY_SCANNER_SCAN_ONLY_CURRENT_REVISIONS` can be enabled to only generate a `VulnerabilityReport` from the latest ReplicaSet in the Deployment.

Check the [Starboard configuration docs][starboard-config] for more information.
```

And then put this down by the other `starboard-upstream` markdown anchor:
```
[starboard-config]: https://github.com/aquasecurity/starboard/blob/main/docs/operator/configuration.md
```
